Update ReadmeConfig docs (#683)
fern-api/docs: fern/products/sdks/reference/generators-yml-reference.mdx

  URL to your external API documentation or reference guide.
</ParamField>

<ParamField path="apiName" type="string" required={false} toc={true}>
  Name of the API that appears in the README. Will appear as `Your Api Name SDK` or `Your Api Name API` throughout the README. Defaults to organization name if not set.
</ParamField>

> <ParamField path="disabledSections" type="string[]" required={false} toc={true}>

Reviewer: Is there a set list of all of the sections it's possible to disable (like usage, reference, etc)? It'd be great to explicitly list them out if so, formatted something like this:

`<ParamField path="disabledSections" type="'contributing' | 'usage' | 'reference'" required={false} toc={true}>`

Author: unfortunately, there's only one option that's supported right now. but I'll still update the format of this.

Author: I tried updating this to 
`<ParamField path="disabledSections" type="('contributing')[]" required={false} toc={true}>`
But I think it looks a bit odd with only one option. What do you think?

Reviewer: ah, got it. In that case, maybe `type=string` as you had it. In the description, I'd explicitly call out that there is only one supported option. Adding a suggestion below!

>   Sections to disable in the README (e.g. `contributing`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sections to disable in the README. Supported values: `"contributing"`.
```
